CDC support - temp solution (#4480)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/troubleshoot-timescaledb.md

| Source    | Event                                |
|-----------|--------------------------------------|
| Scheduler | Scheduled wake up                    |
| Scheduler | Scheduler delayed in dispatching job |

> ## Hypertable chunks are not discoverable by CDC service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## $HYPERTABLE chunks are not discoverable by the $PG CDC service
```

> Hypertables require special handling for CDC support, as the newly created chunks are not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$HYPERTABLEs require special handling for CDC support. Newly created chunks are not 
```

> not published, hence not discoverable by the CDC service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not published, which means they are  not discoverable by the CDC service. 
```

> The following trigger, automatically published newly created chunks on the replication slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this problem, use the following trigger to automatically publishe newly created chunks on the replication slot.
```
